Okay, lets rip off this band-aid right now,
no this is not actually a mirror emporium.
It's a shipping company, but a shady one at that.
I just said it was a mirror emporium so you'd be 
more excited.
Heist of the sketchy shipping company just doesn't 
have the same ring to it.
There should be quite a few mirrors in there though.
Ya see, I have shipped 753 mirrors through them 
over the last 4 days, at least some of them should 
still be there.
Just in case you're wondering, I sent all of these
mirrors to vampire models. I thought that if anyone
needed to see how they look in a mirror, it's them.
So ya know, they can see how...they look...in...the...
oh...

Ah there's one now, wave to that handsome devil man,
or woman. I never really thought to ask you that.

ah jeez! hold on!
okay, hug the wall to your right and move carefully.
If that thing sees you we're done for. Well I'll be
fine but for your sake, be careful.
See if you can find away around him.

Man these people are about as organized as two-year-olds.
ya gotta get down real low.

Careful, this one rotates. what until he turns his back on you, just 
like I turned my back on muffins. They know what they did...

looks like the stairs are being gaurded, try the air vent.

Nice work! I mean, not as good as I would have done obviously,
but not bad. Lets keep moving.

HOLY CRAP! These people do know they are supposed to be
SHIPPING things right?! Not hoarding them!

Ok you're going to want to take a right (4x)

Yeah, I think this place may be a bit forth dimensionalish.

Yeah I-I don't know just keep going.

So uh, what's your favorite dinosaur... oh wait you can't 
answer that because i forgot to give you the ability
to speak. Nevermind.




Ok good news is that robots are alergic to tiny novelty shields.
Chuck one at 'em and they'll explode, just like a real alergic
reaction.

Ok I think that thing with the mushroom-pineapple thing cursed
me, You're on your own while I go take care of this.
Well Yes unfathomable voice in my head, I think I will go get
some goats blood!

Yes you've done it! You got... whatever that thing is. Well BOOP! 
Its here now, I've teleported it from your hand into mine! And, I 
no longer have any use for you soooo... GOODBYE FOOL!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.

